entity_name:    tblAddresses
column_name:    AddressID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblAddresses
column_name:    AddressLine1
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblAddresses
column_name:    AddressLine2
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblAddresses
column_name:    AddressNotes
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblAddresses
column_name:    City
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblAddresses
column_name:    IsManual
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblAddresses
column_name:    PostalCode
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblAddresses
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblAddresses
column_name:    State
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblAddresses
column_name:    StoreID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCASSAddresses
column_name:    CASSAddressID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCASSAddresses
column_name:    City
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCASSAddresses
column_name:    DeliveryCharge
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblCASSAddresses
column_name:    DriverMoney
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblCASSAddresses
column_name:    EOCode
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     2
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCASSAddresses
column_name:    HighNumber
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCASSAddresses
column_name:    LowNumber
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCASSAddresses
column_name:    PostalCode
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     20
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCASSAddresses
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblCASSAddresses
column_name:    State
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCASSAddresses
column_name:    StoreID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCASSAddresses
column_name:    Street
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCouponAppliesTo
column_name:    AddForSpecialty
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblCouponAppliesTo
column_name:    ComboChoice
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponAppliesTo
column_name:    ComboQuantity
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponAppliesTo
column_name:    CouponAppliesToID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponAppliesTo
column_name:    CouponID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponAppliesTo
column_name:    DollarOff
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblCouponAppliesTo
column_name:    FixedPrice
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblCouponAppliesTo
column_name:    MinimumPrice
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblCouponAppliesTo
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblCouponAppliesTo
column_name:    SizeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponAppliesTo
column_name:    SpecialtyID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponAppliesTo
column_name:    StyleID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponAppliesTo
column_name:    UnitID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponDateRange
column_name:    CouponDateRangeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponDateRange
column_name:    CouponID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponDateRange
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblCouponDateRange
column_name:    ValidFrom
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblCouponDateRange
column_name:    ValidTo
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblCouponPromoCodeDateRange
column_name:    PromoCode
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     100
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCouponPromoCodeDateRange
column_name:    PromoCodeDateRangeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponPromoCodeDateRange
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblCouponPromoCodeDateRange
column_name:    ValidFrom
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblCouponPromoCodeDateRange
column_name:    ValidTo
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    CouponID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    CouponTypeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    Description
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    DollarOff
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    IsFree
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    MinimumPurchase
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    PercentageOff
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    ShortDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     200
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    ShowOnWeb
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    ValidForDelivery
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    ValidForDineIn
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    ValidForInternetOrder
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    ValidForPickup
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    ValidForTelephoneOrder
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCoupons
column_name:    ValidForWalkInOrder
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponsPromoCodes
column_name:    CouponID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponsPromoCodes
column_name:    IsMassMailer
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblCouponsPromoCodes
column_name:    MaxUses
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCouponsPromoCodes
column_name:    PromoCode
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     100
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCouponsPromoCodes
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblCouponsPromoCodes
column_name:    Uses
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    Birthdate
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    CellPhone
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     20
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    CustomerID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    EMail
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    FAXPhone
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     20
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    FirstName
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    HomePhone
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     20
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    IsEMailList
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    IsTextList
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    LastName
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    NoChecks
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    Password
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    PrimaryAddressID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblCustomers
column_name:    WorkPhone
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     20
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblItems
column_name:    IsActive
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblItems
column_name:    IsInternet
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblItems
column_name:    ItemDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblItems
column_name:    ItemID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblItems
column_name:    ItemShortDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblItems
column_name:    ItemSortOrder
system_type_id: 52
max_length:     2
precision:      5
 
entity_name:    tblItems
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblMarquee
column_name:    EndDate
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblMarquee
column_name:    MarqueeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblMarquee
column_name:    MarqueeMain
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblMarquee
column_name:    MarqueeSub
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblMarquee
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblMarquee
column_name:    StartDate
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineItems
column_name:    HalfID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineItems
column_name:    IdealItemCost
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineItems
column_name:    IdealItemWeight
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineItems
column_name:    ItemID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineItems
column_name:    OrderLineID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineItems
column_name:    OrderLineItemID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineItems
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    Cost
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    CouponID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    Discount
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    Half1SauceID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    Half1SauceModifierID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    Half2SauceID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    Half2SauceModifierID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    IdealCost
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    IdealHalf1SauceCost
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    IdealHalf1SauceWeight
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    IdealHalf2SauceCost
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    IdealHalf2SauceWeight
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    IdealStandardCost
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    IdealStyleCost
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    IdealStyleWeight
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    InternetDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     2000
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    MPOReason
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    OrderID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    OrderLineID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    OrderLineNotes
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    Quantity
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    SizeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    SpecialtyID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    StyleID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLines
column_name:    UnitID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLinesIdealCost
column_name:    IdealCost
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLinesIdealCost
column_name:    IdealWeight
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLinesIdealCost
column_name:    InventoryID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLinesIdealCost
column_name:    OrderLineID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLinesIdealCost
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineSides
column_name:    IdealSideCost
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineSides
column_name:    IdealSideWeight
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineSides
column_name:    IsFreeSide
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineSides
column_name:    OrderLineID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineSides
column_name:    OrderLineSideID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineSides
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineSides
column_name:    SideID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineToppers
column_name:    IdealTopperCost
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineToppers
column_name:    IdealTopperWeight
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineToppers
column_name:    OrderLineID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineToppers
column_name:    OrderLineTopperID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineToppers
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineToppers
column_name:    TopperHalfID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrderLineToppers
column_name:    TopperID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    AccountID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    AddressID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    CustomerID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    CustomerName
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    CustomerPhone
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    DailySequence
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    DeliveryCharge
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    DriverMoney
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    EditEmpID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    EditReason
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    EmpID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    ExpectedDate
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    IPAddress
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     30
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    IsPaid
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    OrderID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    OrderNotes
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    OrderStatusID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    OrderTypeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    PaidDate
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    PaymentAuthorization
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    PaymentEmpID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    PaymentReference
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    PaymentTypeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    RefID
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     30
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    ReleaseDate
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    SessionID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    StoreID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    SubmitDate
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    Tax
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    Tax2
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    Tip
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    TransactionDate
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    VoidDate
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    VoidEmpID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblOrders
column_name:    VoidReason
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSauce
column_name:    IsActive
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblSauce
column_name:    IsInternet
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblSauce
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblSauce
column_name:    SauceDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSauce
column_name:    SauceID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblSauce
column_name:    SauceShortDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSauceModifier
column_name:    IsActive
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblSauceModifier
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblSauceModifier
column_name:    SauceModifierDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSauceModifier
column_name:    SauceModifierID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblSauceModifier
column_name:    SauceModifierShortDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     200
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSideGroup
column_name:    IsActive
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblSideGroup
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblSideGroup
column_name:    SideGroupDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     100
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSideGroup
column_name:    SideGroupID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblSideGroup
column_name:    SideGroupShortDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSides
column_name:    IsActive
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblSides
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblSides
column_name:    SideDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSides
column_name:    SideID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblSides
column_name:    SideShortDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSizes
column_name:    IsActive
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblSizes
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblSizes
column_name:    SizeDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSizes
column_name:    SizeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblSizes
column_name:    SizeShortDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSpecialty
column_name:    InternetDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSpecialty
column_name:    IsActive
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblSpecialty
column_name:    IsInternet
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblSpecialty
column_name:    NoBaseCheese
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblSpecialty
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblSpecialty
column_name:    SauceID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblSpecialty
column_name:    SpecialtyDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSpecialty
column_name:    SpecialtyID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblSpecialty
column_name:    SpecialtyShortDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblSpecialty
column_name:    StyleID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblSpecialty
column_name:    UnitID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStoreReportDate
column_name:    BatchCount
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStoreReportDate
column_name:    BatchRefNumber
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStoreReportDate
column_name:    BatchTotal
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblStoreReportDate
column_name:    CurrentStatus
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     100
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStoreReportDate
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblStoreReportDate
column_name:    ReportDate
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblStoreReportDate
column_name:    StoreID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStoreReportDate
column_name:    StoreReportID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    Address1
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    Address2
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    CheckOK
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    City
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    CloseFri
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    CloseMon
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    CloseSat
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    CloseSun
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    CloseThu
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    CloseTue
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    CloseWed
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    DefaultDeliveryCharge
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    DefaultDriverMoney
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    DeliveryMin
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    DistrictID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    DMAID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    Fax
system_type_id: 127
max_length:     8
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    FriendlyLocation
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    Hours
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    IsActive
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    IsDeliveryTaxable
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    LaborTax
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    Latitude
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    Longitude
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    MetaDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    NetworkIP
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     36
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    OpenFri
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    OpenMon
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    OpenSat
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    OpenSun
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    OpenThu
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    OpenTue
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    OpenWed
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    PayrollPeriodStartDate
system_type_id: 40
max_length:     3
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    PayrollPeriodTypeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    PayrollReportEmail
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    PGWID
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    PGWWebID
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    PGWWebID2
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    Phone
system_type_id: 127
max_length:     8
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    PostalCode
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    RequireDriverSwipe
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    Serving
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    State
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    StoreID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    StoreName
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    TaxRate
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    TaxRate2
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    TZOffset
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStores
column_name:    UnemploymentVariable
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    tblStyles
column_name:    IsActive
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblStyles
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblStyles
column_name:    StyleDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStyles
column_name:    StyleID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblStyles
column_name:    StyleShortDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblStyles
column_name:    StyleSpecialMessage
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblTopper
column_name:    IsActive
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblTopper
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblTopper
column_name:    TopperDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblTopper
column_name:    TopperID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblTopper
column_name:    TopperShortDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblUnit
column_name:    AllowHalfItems
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblUnit
column_name:    CustomDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblUnit
column_name:    InternetDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblUnit
column_name:    IsActive
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblUnit
column_name:    IsInternet
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    tblUnit
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    tblUnit
column_name:    UnitDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblUnit
column_name:    UnitID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblUnit
column_name:    UnitMenuSortOrder
system_type_id: 52
max_length:     2
precision:      5
 
entity_name:    tblUnit
column_name:    UnitShortDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    Address1
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    Address2
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    City
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    Created
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    EMail
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    IPAddress
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    OrderID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    OrderTypeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    PostalCode
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    RefID
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    SessionID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    State
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    StoreID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    tblWebActivity
column_name:    WebActivityID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelCouponStore
column_name:    CouponID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelCouponStore
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelCouponStore
column_name:    StoreID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelCustomerAddresses
column_name:    AddressID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelCustomerAddresses
column_name:    CustomerAddressDescription
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    trelCustomerAddresses
column_name:    CustomerAddressNotes
system_type_id: 231
max_length:     510
precision:      0
 
entity_name:    trelCustomerAddresses
column_name:    CustomerID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelCustomerAddresses
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    trelCustomerAddresses
column_name:    WasExtraDeliveryNotified
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    trelSideGroupSides
column_name:    IsDefault
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    trelSideGroupSides
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelSideGroupSides
column_name:    SideGroupID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelSideGroupSides
column_name:    SidesID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelSizeStyle
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelSizeStyle
column_name:    SizeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelSizeStyle
column_name:    StyleID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelSpecialtyItem
column_name:    ItemID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelSpecialtyItem
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelSpecialtyItem
column_name:    SpecialtyID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelSpecialtyItem
column_name:    SpecialtyItemQuantity
system_type_id: 52
max_length:     2
precision:      5
 
entity_name:    trelSpecialtySizeSideGroup
column_name:    Quantity
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelSpecialtySizeSideGroup
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    trelSpecialtySizeSideGroup
column_name:    SideGroupID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelSpecialtySizeSideGroup
column_name:    SizeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelSpecialtySizeSideGroup
column_name:    SpecialtyID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelStoreItem
column_name:    ItemCount
system_type_id: 52
max_length:     2
precision:      5
 
entity_name:    trelStoreItem
column_name:    ItemID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelStoreItem
column_name:    OnSidePrice
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    trelStoreItem
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelStoreItem
column_name:    StoreID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelStoreSides
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    trelStoreSides
column_name:    SideID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelStoreSides
column_name:    SidePrice
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    trelStoreSides
column_name:    StoreID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelStoreSizeStyle
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelStoreSizeStyle
column_name:    SizeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelStoreSizeStyle
column_name:    StoreID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelStoreSizeStyle
column_name:    StyleID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelStoreSizeStyle
column_name:    StyleSurcharge
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    trelStoreSpecialty
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelStoreSpecialty
column_name:    SpecialtyID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelStoreSpecialty
column_name:    StoreID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelStoreUnitSize
column_name:    IsTaxable
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    trelStoreUnitSize
column_name:    PerAdditionalItemPrice
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    trelStoreUnitSize
column_name:    PercentSpecialtyItemVariance
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    trelStoreUnitSize
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelStoreUnitSize
column_name:    SizeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelStoreUnitSize
column_name:    SpecialtyBasePrice
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    trelStoreUnitSize
column_name:    SpecialtyNumberIncludedItems
system_type_id: 52
max_length:     2
precision:      5
 
entity_name:    trelStoreUnitSize
column_name:    StandardBasePrice
system_type_id: 62
max_length:     8
precision:      53
 
entity_name:    trelStoreUnitSize
column_name:    StandardNumberIncludedItems
system_type_id: 52
max_length:     2
precision:      5
 
entity_name:    trelStoreUnitSize
column_name:    StoreID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelStoreUnitSize
column_name:    UnitID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitItems
column_name:    FreeItemFlag
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    trelUnitItems
column_name:    IsBaseCheese
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    trelUnitItems
column_name:    IsCheese
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    trelUnitItems
column_name:    IsExtraCheese
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    trelUnitItems
column_name:    ItemID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitItems
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelUnitItems
column_name:    UnitID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitItems
column_name:    UnitItemPrintOrder
system_type_id: 52
max_length:     2
precision:      5
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSauce
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSauce
column_name:    SauceID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSauce
column_name:    UnitID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSides
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSides
column_name:    SideID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSides
column_name:    UnitID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSize
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSize
column_name:    SizeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSize
column_name:    UnitID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSizeSideGroup
column_name:    Quantity
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSizeSideGroup
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSizeSideGroup
column_name:    SideGroupID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSizeSideGroup
column_name:    SizeID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitSizeSideGroup
column_name:    UnitID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitStyles
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     8
precision:      27
 
entity_name:    trelUnitStyles
column_name:    StyleID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitStyles
column_name:    UnitID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitTopper
column_name:    IsBeforeItems
system_type_id: 104
max_length:     1
precision:      1
 
entity_name:    trelUnitTopper
column_name:    RADRAT
system_type_id: 42
max_length:     6
precision:      19
 
entity_name:    trelUnitTopper
column_name:    TopperID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
entity_name:    trelUnitTopper
column_name:    UnitID
system_type_id: 56
max_length:     4
precision:      10
 
